ChainBridge documentation (#24)
0xPolygon/polygon-sdk-docs: docs/how-tos/howto-bridge-assets/requirements.md

---
id: requirements
title: Requirements
---

This guide walks through the setup for a bridge between a running Polygon PoS (Mumbai testnet) and a local Polygon SDK network.

## Requirements

In this guide, you will run PolygonSDK nodes, ChainBridge relayer, and cb-sol-cli tool which is a CLI tool to deploy contracts locally. The following environments are required before starting setup.

* Go: >= 1.16
* Node.js >= 16.13.0
* Git

In addition, you need to clone the following repositories with the versions to run some applications.

* [Polygon SDK](https://github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-sdk.git): on the `develop` branch
* [ChainBridge](https://github.com/ChainSafe/ChainBridge): v1.1.5
* [ChainBridge Deploy Tools](https://github.com/ChainSafe/chainbridge-deploy): `f2aa093` on `main` branch

> You need to setup Polygon SDK network before you proceed the next section. Please check [How to set up IBFT locally](/docs/how-tos/howto-setup-ibft/howto-set-ibft-locally) for the details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to setup a Polygon SDK network before proceeding to the next section. Please check [How to set up IBFT locally](/docs/how-tos/howto-setup-ibft/howto-set-ibft-locally) or [How to set up IBFT on the cloud](/docs/how-tos/howto-setup-ibft/howto-set-ibft-on-the-cloud/) for more details. 
```

Author: Fixed at c55afc174eedd0b412254d3163bb646b06542fb5

## Accounts

> In this guide, you will use three types of Ethereum accounts in both chain. Please make sure the accounts have enough native tokens to create transactions before staring. An account can act in several roles at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will use three types of Ethereum accounts in both blockchain networks. Please make sure the accounts have enough native tokens to create transactions before staring. An account can act in several roles at the same time.
```

Author: Fixed at c55afc174eedd0b412254d3163bb646b06542fb5

| **Type** |**Description**                                                                                                                |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | admin    | The account that deploys Bridge contract. This account will be given `admin` role as default and be able to do certain actions in Bridge. The admin account pay gas cost when deploying contracts, registering resource ID, update settings in contracts, minting tokens. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| admin    | The account that deploys Bridge contract. This account will be given `admin` role as default and will be able to do certain actions in Bridge. The admin account pays the gas fees when deploying contracts, registering resource IDs, updating settings in the contracts, or minting tokens. |
```

Author: Fixed at c55afc174eedd0b412254d3163bb646b06542fb5

> | relayer  | The admin account used in relayer to create transactions to vote or execute proposal. The relayer accounts pay gas cost when sending transactions for voting and execution in the destination chain.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| relayer  | The account used in the relayer to create transactions to vote or execute a proposal. The relayer accounts pay gas fees when sending transactions for voting and execution in the destination chain.                                                |
```

Reviewer: @Kourin1996 The voting is done on one chain or both? It is not clear because of the `destination chain` that you mention

Author: @lazartravica Voting is done on one side only for a proposal. So if you want to send tokens from ChainA to ChainB, relayer will send vote and execution transactions to ChainB.

Reviewer: Got it, thanks. 👍

> | user     | The sender/recipient account that sends/receives assets. The sender account pay gas cost when approving token transfer and calling `deposit` in the Bridge contract to begin a transfer.                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| user     | The sender/recipient account that sends/receives assets. The sender account pays the gas fees when approving token transfers and calling `deposit` in the Bridge contract to begin a transfer.                                                                    |
```

Author: Fixed at c55afc174eedd0b412254d3163bb646b06542fb5

> Please make sure the accounts have enough native tokens to create transactions before staring. In Polygon SDK, you can assign accounts premined balances on genesis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure the accounts have enough native tokens to create transactions before staring. In Polygon SDK, you can assign accounts premined balances when generting the genesis block.
```
